{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red59\green56\blue56;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c23137\c21961\c21961;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf2 Variable name	in file	Description Feature/Outcome\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \cf2 'SALARY', 
\fs20 Players salary Outcome\

\fs21 'Player', 
\fs20 Player name Feature\

\fs21 'TEAM' 
\fs20 Team Player plays on (31 different options). Feature\

\fs21 'AGE', 
\fs20 Age of player Feature\

\fs21 'POS', 
\fs20 Position of player (C,LW,RW,D,G). Feature\

\fs21 'GP', 'G', 'A', '\
'P', P/GP', 
\fs20 Games Played, goals, assists, points, points per game Feature\

\fs21 '+/-', 
\fs20 Plus/minus, indicates players overall impact offensively/defensively. Feature\

\fs21 'Sh', 'Sh%', 'SF',\
'SA', 'SF%', 
\fs20 How many shots a player took, what percentage of shots were \
goals, number of shots for that occurred when player was on\
the ice, number of shots against that occurred when player was\
on the ice, shots for percentage. Feature\

\fs21 'TOI', 
\fs20 Time player spends on ice per game Feature\

\fs21 'ixG', 'iSh', 
\fs20 Individual Expected Goals For/Individual Shots on goal Feature\

\fs21 'iCF', CF, CA, CF% 
\fs20 Individual Corsi for - sum of shots attempts by player including\
missed and blocked shots, Corsi for, corsi against, corsi for\
percentage. Feature\

\fs21 'iFF', 'FF', 'FA', \'91FF%',\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf2 Individual fenwick for - sum of shot attempts made by player\
excluding blocked shots, fenwick for, fenwick against, fenwick\
for percentage. Feature\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \cf2 'ixG60','iSh60\'92, \'91iCF60', 'iFF60',\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf2 Individual expected goals per 60 mins, individual expected\
shots on goal per 60 mins, individual corsi for per 60 mins,\
individual fenwick for per 60 mins. Feature\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \cf2 'xGF', 'xGA', \'91xGF%',\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf2 Expected goals for when player is on ice, expected goals against\
when player is on the ice, expected goals for percent. Feature\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \cf2 'W','L', 'SO', 
\fs20 Statistics only applicable to goalies, win, loss, number of\
shutouts Feature\

\fs21 'GAA', 'Sv%', 'GA60', 'xGA60', 'GSAx60']\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf2 Statistics only applicable to goalies, Goals against average,\
save percentage, goal against per 60 minutes played, expected\
goals against per 60 mins played, goals saved above expected\
per 60 mins played.\
Feature\
}